Add new release note for vulnerability (#48)
PrivateBin/privatebin.info-pelican: content/2025-10-28-v2.0.2-release.md

> Title: Release v2.0.2 - Changes configuration defaults & template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Release v2.0.2 - Fix HTML injection/XSS vulnerability in filenames of attached files
```

Date: 2025-10-28 10:00
Category: News
Tags: PrivateBin, Release
Slug: news/v2.0.2-release
Authors: rugk
Summary: This release fixes a security vulnerability that allowed HTML injection/XSS (CVE-2025-62796).

**This release fixes a security vulnerability that allowed HTML injection/XSS ([CVE-2025-62796](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-62796).**

The vulnerability allows attackers to inject arbitrary HTML into the filename displayed near the file size hint, when attachments are enabled. This is by definition a XSS vulnerability (CWE-80), in this case even a persistent XSS. As any HTML can be injected, basically, this can e.g. be used to inject a script tag (as per CWE-79).

This has been mitigated in [PrivateBin 2.0.2](https://github.com/PrivateBin/PrivateBin/releases/tag/2.0.2), so we strongly urge users to update.

> More details of the vulnerability, mtigation etc. [can be found in the vulnerability report](./2025-10-28-Vulnerability.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details of the vulnerability, mtigation etc. [can be found in the vulnerability report]({filename}/2025-10-28-Vulnerability.md).
```
As per https://docs.getpelican.com/en/stable/content.html#linking-to-internal-content

Author: Oha they don't use default Markdown syntax hmm... well ok.

Reviewer: Well, I think they extend it with Jinja2 templating or such.
